---
title: 05.Command-Line Mode
date: 2024-08-16 15:55:28
order:
---

## Tip 27. Meet Vim's Command Line

Command-Line mode prompts us to enter an Ex command, a search pattern, or an expression. In this tip, we'll meet a selection of Ex commands that operate on the text in a buffer, and we'll learn about some of the special key mappings that can be used in this mode.

- `:` switches into Command-Line mode
- `<Esc>` goes back to Normal mode
- `<C-[` goes back to Normal mode

| Command                                         | Effect                                                                          |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `:[range]delete [x]`                            | Delete specified lines [into register x]                                        |
| `:[range]yank [x]`                              | Yank specified lines [into register x]                                          |
| `:[line]put [x]`                                | Put the text from register x after the specified line                           |
| `:[range]copy {address}`                        | Copy the specified lines to below the line specified by {address}               |
| `:[range]move {address}`                        | Move the specified lines to below the line specified by {address}               |
| `:[range]join`                                  | Join the specified lines                                                        |
| `:[range]normal {commands}`                     | Execute Normal mode {commands} on each specified line                           |
| `:[range]substitute/{pattern}/{string}/[flags]` | Replace occurrences of {pattern} with {string} on each specified line           |
| `:[range]global/{pattern}/[cmd]`                | Execute the Ex command [cmd] on all specified lines where the {pattern} matches |

Table 7 — Ex Commands That Operate on the Text in a Buffer

We can use Ex commands to read and write files (`:edit` and `:write`), to create tabs (`:tabnew`) or split windows (`:split`), or to interact with the argument list (`:prev/:next`) or the buffer list (`:bprev/:bnext`). In fact, Vim has an Ex command for just about everything (see `:h ex-cmd-index` for the full list).

### Special Keys in Vim's Command-Line Mode

- `<C-w>` deletes backward to the start of the previous word
- `<C-u>` deletes backward to the start of the line
- `<C-v>` or `<C-k>` to insert characters that are not found on the keyboard
- `<C-r>{register}` to insert content of any register at the command line
- `<left>` and `<right>` arrow keys move the cursor

Here are some faking contents to play around with, testing `<C-w>` and `<C-u>`

- `<C-h>` does not working in Insert mode
- `<C-w>` appears most useful, just back by a word, but the key position is a bit difficult to reach
- `<C-u>` cuts all the way back to the start of the line

### Ex Commands Strike Far and Wide

## Tip 28. Execute a Command on One or More Consecutive Lines

Many Ex commands can be given a [range] of lines to act upon. We can specify the start and end of a range with either a line number, a mark, or a pattern.

In general, we could say that a range takes this form: `:{start},{end}`

- Use Line Numbers as an Address
  - `:3p` print line 3
- Specify a Range of Lines by Address
  - `:2,5p` print from line 2 to 5
  - `:.,$p` print from the current line to the end of the file
  - `:%p` print all the lines in the current file
  - `:%s/Practical/Pragmatic/` replace the first occurrence of "Practical" with "Pragmatic" on each line
- Specify a Range of Lines by Visual Selection
  - `37G` then `VG` will select from line 37 to the end of this file, press `:`
- Specify a Range of Lines by Patterns
  - `:/<html>/,/<\/html>/p`
- Modify an Address Using an Offset
  - `:/<html>/+1,/<\/html>/-1p`
  - `:.,.+3p`

| Symbol | Address                                   |
| ------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| `1`    | First line of the file                    |
| `$`    | Last line of the file                     |
| `0`    | Virtual line above first line of the file |
| `.`    | Line where the cursor is placed           |
| `'m`   | Line containing mark m                    |
| `'<`   | Start of visual selection                 |
| `'>`   | End of visual selection                   |
| `%`    | The entire file (shorthand for `:1,$`)    |

## Tip 29. Duplicate or Move Lines Using `:t` and `:m` Commands

The `:copy` command (and its shorthand `:t`) lets us duplicate one or more lines from one part of the document to another, while the `:move` command lets us place them somewhere else in the document.

```md
- Shopping list
  - Beauty Parlor
    - Buy nail polish remover
    - Buy nails
  - Hardware store
    - Buy nails
    - Buy new hammer
```

### Duplicate Lines with the `:t` Command

`[range]copy {address}`

| Command    | Effect                                                    |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| `:6t.`     | Copy line 6 to just below the current line                |
| `:t6`      | Copy the current line to just below line 6                |
| `:t.`      | Duplicate the current line (similar to Normal mode `yyp`) |
| `:t$`      | Copy the current line to the end of the file              |
| `:'<,'>t0` | Copy the visually selected lines to the start of the file |

`<C-o>` in Normal mode

In Insert mode, `<C-o>` escapes user to do one Normal mode command, and then return to the Insert mode. The same effect can be achieved by `<ESC>` to Normal mode, doing the single command and then entering back to Insert mode. `<C-i>` is simply a `<Tab>` in Insert mode.

In Normal mode, `<C-o>` and `<C-i>` jump user through their "jump list", a list of places where your cursor has been to. The jumplist can be used with the quickfix feature, for example to quickly enter to a line of code containing errors.

See also the help on the jump list (`:h jumplist`) in Vim.

### Move Lines with the `:m` Command

- `Vjj` then `:'<,'>m$` move the selected text to the end of the file
- `@:` repeat the last Ex command

## Tip 30. Run Normal Mode Commands Across a Range

If we want to run a Normal mode command on a series of consecutive lines, we can do so using the `:normal` command. When used in combination with the dot command or a macro, we can perform repetitive tasks with very little effort.

```js
var foo = 1;
var bar = "a";
var baz = "z";
var foobar = foo + bar;
var foobarbaz = foo + bar + baz;
```

- `A;<Esc>` add to the first line, `jVG` select all of the rest lines, `:'<,'>normal.` repeat the last Normal command to all selected lines
- `:%normal A;` append a semicolon at the end of every line of the file
- `:%normal i//` comment out an entire JavaScript file
- `:'<,'>normal A;` add a semicolon to the end of each selected lines
- `:'<,'>normal $x` delete the last character from the end of each selected lines

## Tip 31. Repeat the Last Ex Command

While the `.` command can be used to repeat our most recent Normal mode command, we have to use `@:` instead if we want to repeat the last Ex command. Knowing how to reverse the last command is always useful, so we'll consider that, too, in our discussion.

- `.` repeat the last command in Normal mode
- `@:` repeat last Ex command in Command-Line mode

## Tip 32. Tab-Complete Your Ex Command

Just like in the shell, we can use the `<Tab>` key to autocomplete commands at the prompt.

see `:h command-complete`
see `:h c_CTRL-D`
see `:h 'wildmode'`

With the 'wildmenu' option enabled, Vim provides a navigable list of suggestions. We can

- scroll forward through the items by pressing `<Tab>`, `<C-n>`, or `<Right>`, and we can
- scroll backward through them with `<S-Tab>`, `<C-p>`, or `<Left>`

It's strange that my `<Tab>` does not scroll forward the color scheme list but `<S-Tab>` scroll backward works perfectly as described. I'm not sure whether there is any conflicts in my `vimrc` file. Check and reset the following configurations:

```vimrc
set wildmenu
set wildmode=list:longest,full
```

## Tip 33. Insert the Current Word at the Command Prompt

I don't get this tip and it does appears useful or important. Save it for later.

## Tip 34. Recall Commands from History

Vim records the commands that we enter in Command-Line mode and provides two ways of recalling them: scrolling through past command-lines with the cursor keys or dialing up the command-line window.

- `:<Up>` most recent Ex command
- `:help<Up>`
- `:h viminfo`
- `/<Up>` to scroll backward through previous searches

### Meet the Command-Line Window

## Tip 35. Run Commands in the Shell

We can easily invoke external programs without leaving Vim. Best of all, we can send the contents of a buffer as standard input to a command or use the standard output from an external command to populate our buffer.

### Executing Programs in the Shell

- `:h :!`
- `:!ls` does not work on my environment of PowerShell 7.3 + Vim 9.1. Current working directory is `D:\VitePress5\docs`. Does this failure relates to the PATH configuration?
- `:!python %` run the current python file

- `:h filename-modifiers`
- `:shell` or `<C-z>` bring up the shell
-

## Tip 36. Run Multiple Ex Commands as a Batch
