---
title: Soundfreaq Website
date: 2024-05-19 12:10:15
order:
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

- [ ] /user-guide/ sfq-17 picture to be resized
- [ ] website favicon to be revised
- [ ] Bundle image of "Sound Rise II + Charging Pad" to be revised

Product category

05-14 Main topics:

- Shop page, reorder: New models put up front, Old models put behind - what is the secrete of ordering the products?
  - Edit product / Product data / Advanced / Menu order? 25 for Pad Black/Grey; 24 for SFQ-16 Black; 23 for SFQ-16WT; 22 for Bundle Black/Wood;
- change the black bundle image
- Sound Rise page, reorder: New models put up front, Old models put behind
- Out of stock items, not to hide them yet from the main shop page
- Old stock, corporate giveaway - Amazon/Website reduce price, Buy One Get One Free. What does UK have?
- Bulk order (5 or more) process on soundfreaq.com - design complete, test run on manual fulfilment - FTP need an siteground@soundfreaq.com email address, done by 05-30
- Admin & password for our web hosting service with SiteGround: Soundfreaq.com | Soundfreaq.com/uk | Soundfreaq.com/eu
  - different stripe account for EU/UK
- Admin & password for the WordPress dashboard for the above three sites
- Login account & password for full access to Amazon UK & German
- Progress update on Amazon German launch - WEEE
- Other issues

05-28

- Favicon image to be replaced
- /about-us/ title "About Soundfreaq" top margin cutted out, but /press-reviews/ title works fine - how can we possibly modify this?
- /store-policies/ to scrub the text content with Steven
- /warranty/ Soundfreaq's Warranty (apostrophe missing)
- /faqs/ although not exposed by explicit link but exists - shall we delete it?
- 2 bundles of "SFQ-16 + FC14C": default purchase quantities=0 - can they be changed to 1?
- footer nav links "Store Policies=Terms & Conditions=Privacy Policy" - is it designed that way?
- footer social media - Pinterest using an incorrect co.uk link - we can revise it back to a .com (US) link?
- guidelines for product images & dimensions?
- /product-category/business/ is empty - do we still need this page?
- /product-category/sound-stack/ both the link and title are incorrect - should be /product-category/sound-platform-2/ and Sound Platform 2
- /product-category/round-rise/ currently holds 10 products - what if we are to re-organize this page into 4 separate pages?
  - /product-category/round-rise/
  - /product-category/round-rise-classic/
  - /product-category/round-rise-ii/
  - /product-category/round-rise-ii-bundle-with-charging-pad/
