---
title: 亚马逊物流商品条形码要求
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order: 
---

Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) uses barcodes to identify and track inventory throughout the fulfillment process. Each item that you send to an Amazon fulfillment center requires a barcode.

There are **three kinds of barcodes** for identifying products:

- Manufacturer barcodes (eligible barcodes include UPC, EAN, JAN, and ISBN)
- Amazon barcodes (such as FNSKU labels that start with an **X**)
- Transparency authenticity code (brand owner only, may be required to help prevent counterfeit)

::: warning Note:

If your brand has been approved for Amazon Brand Registry and you don’t have a manufacturer barcode for your products, you can apply for a GTIN exemption.

:::

## Manufacturer barcodes

By default, we use the manufacturer barcode to track eligible inventory throughout the fulfillment process, unless you change your barcode setting or your product is not eligible. When more than one seller has inventory with the same manufacturer barcode, we may fulfill orders with the inventory that’s closest to the buyer, to facilitate faster delivery.

If your product isn’t eligible for virtual tracking with the manufacturer barcode, an Amazon barcode is required. You may be able to get an exemption to use the manufacturer barcode by enrolling your ASIN in Amazon Brand Registry. To learn more about virtual tracking and see product eligibility requirements, go to,Using manufacturer barcodes with FBA virtual tracking.

::: warning Note:

If you are the manufacturer or the brand owner and want to print barcodes directly on the product packaging, you can apply for a GS1 standard UPC barcode.

:::

## Amazon barcodes

Amazon barcodes must be applied to all products that are not tracked using the manufacturer barcode.

You can print Amazon barcodes and apply them to your products yourself, or you can have Amazon print and apply them for a per-item fee. For more information on how to pack for Amazon FBA using Amazon barcodes, go to Use an Amazon barcode to track inventory and FBA Label Service.

## Transparency authenticity codes

Transparency codes are item-level authentication stickers that help protect brand owners and customers from non-authentic. Transparency codes are accompanied by a Transparency “T” logo and must not cover or be covered by any other label. To learn more and see a sample sticker, go to Transparency.

::: warning Note:

Products enrolled in the Transparency program are eligible for virtual tracking, except for products in the Toys & Games and Baby Products categories, dangerous goods, and expiration-dated products The categories eligible for Transparency may be subject to change by Amazon. For more information, go to Transparency 2D barcode requirements.

:::

## Soundfreaq Sound Rise II

Amazon barcodes are applied to products that are preset as manufacturer barcodes and are swapped incorrectly.

Dear Amazon Support Team,

We'd like to open an urgent case regarding the incorrect FNSKU labels being applied to 2 of our ASINs, B09V9NVSSH and B09VB12M1B.

When these two ASINs were created using the "Manage All Inventory" tool, the type of barcode selected was Manufacturing Barcodes because we have our standard UPC barcode printed on our gift box. Therefore, with this setting, when the Amazon fulfilment centres receive and scan our shipments, our standard UPC barcode (refer to images provided below) should be used.

- standard UPC barcode_Black_ASIN#B09V9NVSSH.jpg
- standard UPC barcode_Wood_ASIN#B09VB12M1B.jpg

Manufacturer barcodes

| SFQ-16  | Black            | Wood Taupe       |
| ------- | ---------------- | ---------------- |
| ASIN    | B09V9NVSSH       | B09VB12M1B       |
| FNSKU   | B09V9NVSSH       | B09VB12M1B       |
| SKU     | 1C-AJM1-Y4T5_UPC | 8H-QGD9-1WVZ_UPC |
| UPC/EAN | 849539000552     | 849539000569     |

However, we received a total of 9 customer complaints (refer to snapshots below) during the March-April period claiming that wrong colour products were received, along with a couple of returns for unspecified reasons.

- 4 complaints_orderedBlack_butReceivedWood.jpeg
- 5 complaints_orderedWood_butReceivedBlack.jpeg

The large number of wrong colour complaints forced us to take immediate action to identify the root cause, so we removed a number of products returned by customers from FBA sites back to us for review.

To date, we have received 2 such returned units (both are black) and found that an additional FNSKU label (from B09VB12M1B, which stands for wood and is therefore incorrect) has been applied to each of the products. We have a number of these returns on their way back to us from the FBA sites for further inspection.

- FBA_return#7469.jpg
- FBA_return#8684.jpg
- FBA*return*#7469*and*#8684_incorrectLabel_B09VB12M1B.jpg

With the current evidence in hand, we strongly believe that some of the Fulfilment Centres probably did not scan the above 2 ASINs to the standard Prototle, but printed the FNSKU labels (which are unnecessary) and mistakenly swapped the two labels between the 2 ASINs. We experienced similar errors of FNSKU label swapping in July-November 2023, and this is exactly why we have decided to implement the "manufacturing barcodes" approach since then.

Disappointingly, we are now witnessing the same type of errors happening again.

Our requests are as follows:

1. Please have Amazon FCs check 100% of our existing stock on these 2 ASINs, B09V9NVSSH and B09VB12M1B, and make sure they are all scanned in by "manufacturing barcodes".
2. For the units scanned in by "Amazon barcodes", check the colour against the Amazon labels and make sure you have eliminated the false swaps.
3. Explain to us why "Amazon Barcodes" is being used when our products have selected "Manufacturing Barcodes".

We appreciate your understanding of the urgency of this matter and the prompt action you have taken. Thank you very much.

Manufacturer barcodes

| SFQ-16  | Black            | Wood Taupe       |
| ------- | ---------------- | ---------------- |
| ASIN    | B09V9NVSSH       | B09VB12M1B       |
| FNSKU   | B09V9NVSSH       | B09VB12M1B       |
| SKU     | 1C-AJM1-Y4T5_UPC | 8H-QGD9-1WVZ_UPC |
| UPC/EAN | 849539000552     | 849539000569     |

Amazon barcodes

| SFQ-16  | Black        | Wood Taupe   |
| ------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| ASIN    | B09V9NVSSH   | B09VB12M1B   |
| FNSKU   | X0036PY09T   | X0036PPLT7   |
| SKU     | 1C-AJM1-Y4T5 | 8H-QGD9-1WVZ |
| UPC/EAN | 849539000552 | 849539000569 |

## 问题

1. 创建产品时已经选择了使用 Manufacturer barcodes (UPC) 贴纸，但是实际发现亚马逊物流在接收产品入库时仍然加贴了一个跟 ASIN 同名的 FNSKU 贴纸，如第一个表格表示
   a. B09V9NVSSH (Black)
   b. B09VB12M1B (Wood Taupe)
2. 多一张贴纸，多一个工序，便多一份出错的机会。当亚马逊物流画蛇添足、加贴上述贴纸时，出现了两种贴纸对调、贴错的情形，造成了大量不必要的客诉和退货

## 建议

1. 现有的库存货物，不再黑色和木色混合发货，采取每次一个颜色发货，避免亚马逊物流可能产生的贴纸对调、出错
2. 后续生产的货物，建议由工厂自行打印和粘贴 FNSKU 贴纸

## 资源

[FBA product barcode requirements](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201100910)  
[Using manufacturer barcodes with FBA virtual tracking](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200141480)

## 05-14

Two weeks and 14 days have passed since we first raised this case on 30 April.

It is extremely frustrating that we have still not received any substantive results from your internal investigation, which takes an incredibly bureaucratic 14 days. Can you please provide an update as soon as possible?

Once again, we urge the Amazon team to take the following corrective actions as a matter of urgency:

1. Immediately remove the open box item ASIN B09VB12M1B as offered by Amazon Warehouse. This sale is without Soundfreaq's authorisation and infringes our interests.
2. 100% check the colour against the FNSKU labels for all stock of ASIN B09V9NVSSH and B09VB12M1B at the fulfilment centres, ensure that the mix-ups have been resolved and report the corrected quantities for each ASIN. Your colleague Leah Joy mentioned in her message below on 05/03/2024 that "units have been checked and corrected accordingly", but she did not mention the quantity checked and corrected, which leaves us concerned.
3. Explain to us why "Amazon Barcodes" are being unnecessarily applied when our products are preset as "Manufacturing Barcodes" and carry GS1 standard UPC barcodes when delivered to fulfilment centres.
4. Remove the negative review by Anthony Napoli, under Order ID 113-2367062-1760256, posted in the United States on 8 May 2024. This negative review is entirely about the customer's fulfilment experience, entirely caused by Fulfilment Centre malpractice, and therefore 100% Amazon's responsibility to remove.
5. Reimburse the Soundfreaq Store for the 9 returns caused by the wrong colour shipment as reported by the Voice of the Customer. Again, all these 9 reported returns are due to wrong colour shipments, entirely caused by Fulfilment Centre malpractice, and therefore 100% Amazon's responsibility to compensate.
