---
title: 01.nvim-kickstart
date: 2024-09-03 11:14:30
order:
---

This is going to be the 2nd video I tried to follow through and learn something new about Neovim.

已经安装了 Neovim 的默认版本。

## What is kickstart.nvim

Not a Neovim distribution, but instead a starting point for your configuration with Lua, in one single file.

## Prerequisites

- Lua
- `:help lua-guide`
- `:echo $MYVIMRC`

## Installation

My default Neovim's configurations are located in path `$env:LOCALAPPDATA\nvim\` and there are currently two files:

```ps
coc-settings.json
init.vim
```

接下来尝试安装 nvim-kickstart，在 PowerShell 运行如下命令：

```ps
git clone https://github.com/nvim-lua/kickstart.nvim.git $env:LOCALAPPDATA\nvim\
```

出现报错信息：

```ps
fatal: destination path 'C:\Users\Alowr\AppData\Local\nvim' already exists and is not an empty directory.
```

这是因为，当前目录已经安装了一个 Neovim 的默认版本，给定的安装目录不为空，无法再安装另外一个配置版本。

我们可以选择将安装目录的已有配置文件移走备份：

```
coc-settings.json
init.vim
```

重新运行 clone 命令，则将 kickstart.nvim 项目克隆至安装目录。

After installation, we can see that total 9 objects have been cloned into the destination location, 4 folders and 5 files.

## 平行安装多个配置版本

我可以与 kickstart 并行保留我的现有配置吗？

可以！你可以在 PowerShell 使用 `$env:NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-NAME` 来维护多个配置。例如，你可以在 `~/AppData/Local/nvim-kickstart` 中安装 `nvim-kickstart` 配置，并在 PowerShell 配置文件内创建短命令 `kv` 和 `lv`：

```ps1
# Functions to launch different Neovim configurations in PowerShell
function kv {
  $env:NVIM_APPNAME = "nvim-kickstart"
  nvim
}
function lv {
  $env:NVIM_APPNAME = "nvim-lazyvim"
  nvim
}
```

保存配置文件，重启 PowerShell，运行 `kv` 就可以运行 `nvim-kickstart` 配置版本，运行 `lv` 就可以运行 `nvim-lazyvim` 配置版本。

但是需要注意，在运行过上述短命令之后，相当于 PowerShell 在当前 Session 之内修改了环境变量，导致 Neovim 的默认路径已经改变。若要恢复默认的 Neovim 路径，需要重启 PowerShell 才行。

## 添加选择界面

在 PowerShell 运行 `.code $PROFILE` 打开 PowerShell 配置文件，添加以下代码，以增加选择 Neovim 配置版本的界面：

```ps1
# Function to select different Neovim configurations interactively
function nvims {
    $items = @("default", "nvim-lazyvim", "nvim-kickstart")
    $config = $items | fzf --prompt=" Neovim Config  " --height=50% --layout=reverse --border
    if (-not $config) {
        Write-Output "Nothing selected"
        return
    } elseif ($config -eq "default") {
        $env:NVIM_APPNAME = ""
    } else {
        $env:NVIM_APPNAME = $config
    }
    nvim
}
```

配置选项界面，菜单设置 default、nvim-kickstart、nvim-lazyvim 三个选项。

想要了解更多，参考 [`NVIM_APPNAME`](https://neovim.io/doc/user/starting.html#_nvim_appname)

## nvim-kickstart

以下选择运行 nvim-kickstart 配置，来更多的熟悉一下这个配置版本。

运行报错：

no c compiler found! "cc", "gcc", "clang", "cl", "zig" are not executable.

通过 choco 安装 zig 失败：

```ps
choco install zig
```

更换使用 winget 安装 zig 成功：

```ps
winget install -e --id zig.zig
```

重新进行 nvim-kickstart 便不再报错。

运行 `:checkhealth` 可以看到 zig 已经成功安装。

## neo-tree

Next step is to get a NRRDTree similar plugin to work with nvim-kickstart configuration. The good news is that you have neo-tree available. Just uncomment `require 'kickstart.plugins.neo-tree',` in your `init.lua` file and run `:Neotree` in Neovim to bring out the sidebar.

Press `?` in the Neo-tree window to view the list of mappings.

Can I assign a key mapping `<C-t>` to this command? You dont' have to, because neo-tree has its own key mappings that are different from NERDTree. Use `\` to toggle the sidebar on/off.

<!-- NOTE:-->

Where are the settings for neo-tree plugin? Are there any default settings from the lazy.nvim plugin manager?

If you have cloned the kickstart.nvim repository, the neo-tree plugin is built-in, so just uncomment in your init.lua file and it works immediately. The keymaps `\` are defined here `~\AppData\Local\nvim-kickstart\lua\kickstart\plugins\neo-tree.lua` in this file.

```lua
  require 'kickstart.plugins.neo-tree',
```

## 查看当前配置

Run command `:echo stdpath("config")` in Neovim will print the path of nvim configuration that is currently running, whether it is the default, nvim-kickstart or nvim-lazyvim. For instance, when running command `:echo stdpath("config")` in nvim-kickstart, the path of the current Neovim `C:\Users\Alowr\AppData\Local\nvim-kickstart` will be printed to the standard output.

In either configuration, to bring up the config file, just rund `:e $MYVIMRC` command, which will open `~\AppData\Local\nvim-kickstart\init.lua` for you to review and edit.

## 自动格式化

需要 Markdown 文档的自动格式化配置，默认安装完毕之后暂时缺失 Prettier 配置。参考这篇文章 [How To Setup Linting & Formatting In Neovim And Replace null-ls](https://www.josean.com/posts/neovim-linting-and-formatting) 可以快速添加配置。

## Features

- Auto bullets list in Markdowon
- Format the document when saving
- Quick save with `<leader>ww`
- When formate on save, the blank newlines on the bottom of the file get removed
- `<leader>y` copy selected content into the system clipboard
- `<leader>yy` copy current line into the system clipboard
- Auto-complete
- [x] checkbox

## Known issues

- [ ] Customized 'H1'-'H6' header styles for Markdown, but looks ugly
- [x] Installed `todo-comments` plugin, but how to quickly insert such todo-comments into you content
- [ ] Maybe through auto-complete feature
- [x] checkbox test
- [ ] How to revise the hint message for keymap `<leader>x`
- [ ] First to figure out which plugin in pulls up the menu when hitting `<leader>`

## `todo-comments`

## Test for H2 by `<leader>kk`

### Test of H3 by `<leader>ll`

##### Test for H4 by `<leader>uu`

## mini.surround

Default config (copied from README file of the repo)

```lua
-- No need to copy this inside `setup()`. Will be used automatically.
{
  -- Add custom surroundings to be used on top of builtin ones. For more
  -- information with examples, see `:h MiniSurround.config`.
  custom_surroundings = nil,

  -- Duration (in ms) of highlight when calling `MiniSurround.highlight()`
  highlight_duration = 500,

  -- Module mappings. Use `''` (empty string) to disable one.
  mappings = {
    add = 'sa', -- Add surrounding in Normal and Visual modes
    delete = 'sd', -- Delete surrounding
    find = 'sf', -- Find surrounding (to the right)
    find_left = 'sF', -- Find surrounding (to the left)
    highlight = 'sh', -- Highlight surrounding
    replace = 'sr', -- Replace surrounding
    update_n_lines = 'sn', -- Update `n_lines`

    suffix_last = 'l', -- Suffix to search with "prev" method
    suffix_next = 'n', -- Suffix to search with "next" method
  },

  -- Number of lines within which surrounding is searched
  n_lines = 20,

  -- Whether to respect selection type:
  -- - Place surroundings on separate lines in linewise mode.
  -- - Place surroundings on each line in blockwise mode.
  respect_selection_type = false,

  -- How to search for surrounding (first inside current line, then inside
  -- neighborhood). One of 'cover', 'cover_or_next', 'cover_or_prev',
  -- 'cover_or_nearest', 'next', 'prev', 'nearest'. For more details,
  -- see `:h MiniSurround.config`.
  search_method = 'cover',

  -- Whether to disable showng non-error feedback
  slent = false,
}
```

Here is some faking content to (play) [around] {with} the "features" that `mini.surround` has to offer. Some additional content with <bold>Strong Content</bold> and content with "quotation marks" and "single quotes", of course (notes in parathese), and [notes in square brackets].

Here are some example commands of how you add, delete, or replace surrounding characters:

1. `saiw'` means [S]urround [A]add [I]n [W]ord with [`'`]
2. `saiw"` means [S]urround [A]add [I]n [W]ord with [`"`]
3. `saiw(` means [S]urround [A]add [I]n [W]ord with [`()`], <!--WARN:-->with a space each on left/right side
4. `saiw)` means [S]urround [A]add [I]n [W]ord with [`()`]
5. `saiw[` means [S]urround [A]add [I]n [W]ord with [`[]`], <!--WARN:-->with a space each on left/right side
6. `saiw]` means [S]urround [A]add [I]n [W]ord with [`[]`]
7. `saiw{` means [S]urround [A]add [I]n [W]ord with [`{}`], <!--WARN:-->with a space each on left/right side
8. `saiw}` means [S]urround [A]add [I]n [W]ord with [`{}`]
9. `sa4w'` means [S]urround [A]add [4] [W]ords with [`'`], <!--WARN:-->with last space included
10. `sa4e'` means [S]urround [A]add [4] [W]ords with [`'`]
11. `sd'` means [S]urround [D]elete for [`'`]
12. `sr"'` means [S]urround [R]eplace [`"`] with [`'`]

Because by default `s` is aleady a native Vim command, so you have to type `sa` really fast, or it deletes a character and enters `Insert` mode.

Reconstruct the keystroks workflows

In the past, without `mini.surround`: We type in Insert mode, literally one key after another `<leader>ww`
Now we have `mini.surround` installed, we have another options of typing the text first and adding the surroundings later on. This new workflow involves modes changes during the typing process. First, we type in Insert mode but involves switching to Normal mode so as to fire off `sa` command to add surrounding: `<leader><Esc>saiw>Aww<Esc>saiW`

## Reference resources

https://neovim.io/doc/user/starting.html#_nvim_appname
https://michaeluloth.com/neovim-switch-configs/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkHjJlSgKZY
https://medium.com/@joydeep150703/neovim-config-switcher-but-for-windows-ed6ef08d045b
https://linkarzu.com/posts/neovim/lazyvim-vs-kickstart/
https://blog.nikfp.com/how-to-install-and-set-up-neovim-on-windows
