---
title: 05.nvim-normalnvim
date: 2024-09-20 11:57:51
order: 
---
So today I'm gonna install and try another Neovim distribution —— NormalNvim.

## Install

```ps
# Strongly recommended: Fork the repo and clone YOUR fork.
git clone https://github.com/NormalNvim/NormalNvim.git $env:LOCALAPPDATA\nvim-normalnvim
```

## init.lua

The configuration of NormalNvim is not in one file init.lua, but assembled into this one file. When press `e: $MYVIMRC` it pulls out the init.lua configuration, but not much use, as the configurations are separately managed in the following files, in path /lua/base/.

## /lua/base/

### 1-options.lua

### 2-lazy.lua

Just a test to add 'bullets-vim/bullets.vim' plugin in this file, a mocking setup from kickstart-nvim.

- test

<!--NOTE:--> Auto bullets still not working!


### 3-autocmds.lua

### 4-mappings.lua

## /lua/plugins/

### 1-base-behaviors.lua

In order to add auto bullets in Markdown, we need to install 'bullets-vim/bullets.vim' plugin. But what is the optimum location to install this plugin?

1. Add 'bullets-vim/bullets.vim' in this file




Unfortunately, it does not work.


2. test


## Features

- Mouse left click on sceen top or sceen bottom will scrolls the screen up and down
- Custom Markdown header styles, but can be improved to make it look better
- In Normal mode, hitting Enter will encrypt the text content on screen - cool feature
- Quick save by `<leader>w`
- `<leader>e` will toggle neo-tree sidebar on/off
- When save, the empty newlines on the bottom do not get removed, which means no "Format on Save"?


## Known issues

- TUI hangs up sometimes
- No auto bullets in Markdown editing - where should I add bullets.nvim plugin









