---
title: 06.neobean
date: 2024-09-20 11:57:51
order: 
---
Saw this video on YouTube and decided to clone this dotfiles.

## Clone the dotfiles from Github

New Trick: [How to Clone Only a Subdirectory of a Git Repository?](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-clone-only-a-subdirectory-of-a-git-repository/)

Approach 1: Using Sparse Checkout

Sparse checkout allows you to check out only part of the working directory. This is particularly useful for large repositories where you only need a specific subdirectory.

Step 1: Initialize the Repository

First, clone the repository with the `–no-checkout` option to avoid checking out the files immediately.

```ps
git clone --no-checkout <repository-url>
cd <repository-directory>
```

Step 2: Enable Sparse Checkout

Configure Git to enable sparse checkout.

```ps
git sparse-checkout init
```

Step 3: Define the Subdirectory

Specify the subdirectory you want to clone. For example, if you want to clone the `docs` subdirectory:

```ps
git sparse-checkout set docs

```

Step 4: Checkout the Subdirectory

Now, checkout the repository. Only the specified subdirectory will be checked out.

```ps
git checkout main
```

Replace main with the appropriate branch name if it differs.

## Copy and paste dotfiles/neovim/neobean folder to your Neovim configuration

## Modify PowerShell Profile to configure Neovim selection menu

In the following content, I'm going to take some notes about the configurations,
tricks when trying this neobean.

## Configurations

:Lazy

This command pops up the Lazy.vim configuration. You can Install or Update the
plugins.

:e $MYVIMRC

This command turns out not very useful, as the config is modularized. Most of
settings are not in this init.lua file at all.

:Neotree

This command opens the sidebar on the left side. But how to turn the sidebar
off?

## Features

- Auto save
- Spell checks
- Auto format
- Markdown styles in headers

## Problems

In Command-Line mode, the cursor is flashy.
Scroll with mouse is not very smooth and appears jumpy. Moving with keyboard
works well though.
