---
title: 商品详情页 - 优化
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order: 
---

## Guides

- [Improve your advertised product listings](https://advertising.amazon.com/help/GXAMM4S99TTG2Y57)
- [小规模升级可以对您的广告成功产生重大影响](https://advertising.amazon.com/library/guides/improve-product-listing-for-success/)
- [如何改进商品，助力提升广告效果](https://advertising.amazon.com/library/guides/improve-your-products-for-advertising)
- [How to improve your products for advertising](https://advertising.amazon.com/en-us/library/guides/improve-your-products-for-advertising)

There are several ways to optimize your advertised products to help increase the chance of your product being clicked on.

In campaign manager, you can see tailored listing improvement recommendations for products in both your active and inactive Sponsored Products campaigns.

Here are the improvement recommendations you may see in campaign manager, or hear about from Amazon Ads:

**Create a strong product title**
An informative, easy-to-read title lets shoppers quickly know key facts about your product; we recommend making titles approximately 60 characters long.

**Feature 4 or more high-quality, zoomable images**
Images can show your product from different angles, and highlight important details. Make sure that your images are at least 1,000 pixels in height or width to enable the zoom function on Amazon, so that shoppers can get a closer look.

**Include at least 3 bullet points on your product detail page**
Bullet points can give shoppers a clear overview of your product’s key features; contents, uses, dimensions, operational considerations, age rating, skill level and country of origin are all ones to consider.

**Provide a helpful and detailed product description**
With your product description, you can go beyond the simple features included in your bullet points and capture your product’s benefits, uses, and value proposition in a short, engaging narrative.

**Include relevant search terms**
To help customers find your products on Amazon, it’s important to add words they might use when searching for what they want to buy. Search Terms should focus on elements that are most relevant to your product, so aim to include generic words that enhance the discoverability of your product: key features, materials, size, use, and more

**Keep your products reasonably priced**
Shoppers may be more motivated to click your ad, and ultimately make a purchase, if you offer great prices for your products.

**Make sure that your products are in stock**
Your products need to be in stock to be the featured offer and eligible for advertising.

**Enhance your product detail page with A+ content**
Available to vendors and as sellers enrolled in Amazon Brand Registry, A+ content lets you describe your product features using enhanced images, text placements and stories.

**Choose products that display the featured offer**
The featured offer enables customers to add items to their cart or buy now, and can help maximize your visibility and sales. In order to advertise, your product must be eligible to be the featured offer.

**Show the Prime badge**
Advertising products that offer Prime Shipping can help engage more shoppers. It lets them know they can get their product quickly, with no additional shipping costs. You can get the Prime badge by enrolling your eligible products in Fulfilment by Amazon.

**Advertise products with positive reviews**
The opinions of other shoppers can be important for customers. Try advertising products with five or more customer reviews, plus a rating of 3.5 stars or higher, to help improve your engagement opportunities.

Check out our [complete guide to improving your product detail page](https://advertising.amazon.com/en-us/library/guides/improve-your-products-for-advertising), including actionable tips and examples that explain how to make the suggested changes.
