---
title: 品牌旗舰店 - FAQ
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order: 
---

## SFQ-08 Sound Rise

## SFQ-16 Sound Rise II

> How do I reset the time? I lost my manual and can't find it anywhere online.

Resetting the time on the Sound Rise II is very simple:

1. Press and hold the SETUP button (on the back of the device) for approximately 2 seconds to enter SETUP mode, the YEAR will start to flash.
2. Turn the TUNE/SET rotary knob (on the top panel, right-hand corner) to select the desired YEAR. When the desired YEAR is displayed, press the ENTER button to confirm.
3. Repeat the above step to set the MONTH, DATE, HOUR, MINUTE and 12/24.

Note: If you wish to change any of the above settings, simply press and hold the SETUP button again and repeat the above setup steps.

If you have lost your user manual, you can find a PDF copy on the Sound Rise II product page on Amazon. Download the e-copy and save it for your future reference.

> How to set the time on Soundfreaq Sound Rise II?
>
> — Novotel Cambodia

To set the time on your Soundfreaq Sound Rise II, follow these steps:

1. Press and hold the SETUP button (located on the bottom rear of the speaker) for approximately 2 seconds until the YEAR starts to flash.
2. Adjust the YEAR using the TUNE/SET knob (on the top right of the speaker).
3. Press the ENTER button to confirm the YEAR.
4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 to complete the setting of the MONTH, DATE, HOUR, MINUTE and 12-hour/24-hour mode.

Congratulations! You have now finished setting the time on your Soundfreaq Sound Rise II.

### Dual alarms

> I would like to return my new Soundfreak Sound Rise II because I thought it would have 2 alarms like the previous model, one alarm time which I would set for the weekdays, and the second I could set for the weekends.
>
> I see there is one alarm that can go off either weekends or weekdays or both, but I get up at different times on weekdays and weekends so I need different alarms.
>
> —Peter @2024-02-22

It's true that the Sound Rise II (SFQ-16) has only one alarm, whereas the original Sound Rise (SFQ-08) had two.

> I also wanted let you know another setting I believe found (another deal breaker in addition to their only being one alarm) is that the minimum alarm volume wouldn't go below "10". "10" was too loud and would wake up my wife too.
>
> —Peter @2024-03-07

The Soundfreaq Sound Rise II features a 31-level volume control, namely from level 0 to 30. When referring to the alarm volume, I believe that the correct wording should be "user adjustable maximum volume of the alarm", which can be freely adjusted in the range [10,30], both inclusive. The default setting for the maximum alarm volume is level 15, but the user can select any level within the range [10,30] as the maximum volume.

As the Sound Rise II has a PROGRESSIVE WAKE-UP VOLUME design, this means that when the alarm goes off, the volume will start at level 0 and gradually increase to the maximum volume set by the user over the course of 60 seconds.

Below are some examples of using different such settings for the maximum volume set at level 10, level 20 and level 30 respectively:

- max alarm volume=level 10: when the alarm goes off, the volume increases gradually from level 0 to 10 over 60 seconds.
- max alarm volume=level 20: when the alarm goes off, the volume increases gradually from level 0 to 20 over 60 seconds.
- max alarm volume=level 30: when the alarm goes off, the volume increases gradually from level 0 to 30 over 60 seconds.

It's true that the current design does not allow the user to set this maximum volume below level 10, as it would be inaudible for some users in deep sleep. So the answer to your question is — No, for the current product design, there is no way to go below level 10. 

Again, this is a deliberate design choice that some users seem to dislike. If there are more similar complaints from the market, we may consider making a small adjustment to the firmware to remove this volume lock for our future prodcut batches.

## FC14C Wireless Charging Pad

> Is the charging pad compatible with your original Sound Rise? I have the original and love it, works perfectly and would love the charge pad too if it will work.
>
> —Carly Baughman @2024-03-01

The wireless charging pad (FC14C) is designed specifically for the Sound Rise II (SFQ-16) and Sound Rise DAB (SFQ-17), but does not support the original Sound Rise (SFQ-08), either electrically or mechanically.

The wireless charging pad draws power from its Type-C USB socket via a Type-C to Type-A USB cable connected to any USB port that supports the QC 3.0 standard, namely three power outputs such as DC 5V 2A, 9V 1.67A or 12V 1.5A.

Sound Rise II has 3 USB ports—2 on the top and 1 on the back—that can support high-power charging of your devices using different USB standards and charging protocols. The rear charging port is designed to support any QC 3.0 compatible device (such as a wireless charging pad) and provides 18W (DC 12V 1.5A) of power.

The original Sound Rise has only 1 rear USB port on the back and provides 5W (DC 5V 1A) of power—not enough to power the wireless charging pad.

In order to provide Sound Rise II users with a hassle-free way of keeping their devices powered up, the pad has been designed with a bespoke connection cable and a plastic holder that attaches seamlessly to the Sound Rise II main unit. These mechanical structures also do not fit the original Sound Rise.

## SFQ-17 Sound Rise DAB

> DAB or DAB+?

What is the difference between DAB and DAB+?

DAB+ is an upgraded version of DAB digital radio that gives you access to even more stations.

To receive DAB+ stations you must have a DAB+ enabled radio. If you recently bought a new DAB radio, then the chances are you already have DAB+. The simplest way to be sure is to look for the Digital Radio Tick Mark on the radio or its packaging. All radios that bear that Tick Mark are able to receive FM, DAB and DAB+ stations.
