---
title: 05.Sound Rise II — FAQ
date: 2024-07-08 09:11:20
order:
---

::: details Do both the Sound Rise and Sound Rise II have dual alarms?

- Sound Rise SFQ-08 has dual alarms with weekday/weekend settings.
- Sound Rise II SFQ-16 only has a single alarm with weekday/weekend settings.

Multiple reviewers say they prefer the older version for its dual alarm functionality.

:::

::: details Do both the Sound Rise and Sound Rise II have a gradually increasing volume, and how long does it increases for?

Both SKUs support progressive volume on alarm. The volume has a level of [0,30]. The user can set a maximum volume for the alarm in the range of [10,30], both inclusive. The default setting for the maximum alarm volume is 15, but the user can select any volume within the range [10,30].
As the Sound Rise II has a PROGRESSIVE WAKE-UP VOLUME design, this means that when the alarm goes off, the volume will start from 0 and gradually increase to the maximum volume set by the user within 1 minute.

Below are some examples with different maximum alarm volume settings for levels 10/20/30:

- 10: Volume gradually increases from 0 to 10 over 60 seconds
- 20: Volume gradually increases from 0 to 20 over 60 seconds
- 30: volume gradually increases from 0 to 30 over 60 seconds

It's true, however, that for existing production batches, the user cannot set this maximum volume below 10, as it would be inaudible to some users in deep sleep. Again, this is a deliberate design choice that some users don't seem to like. We have decided to remove this locking mechanism from future builds starting with 2024-07-01.

:::

::: details How long will the alarm go off if I don’t turn it off?

The alarm will go on for 60 minutes if without any human intervention.

:::

::: details Can the alarm be set on Bluetooth or aux input on both models?

- Wake up alarm sound for Sound Rise, SFQ-08: Bluetooth, FM radio, Line in or built-in chime.
- Wake up alarm sound for Sound Rise II, SFQ-16: Bluetooth, FM radio, or built-in chime, but Line-in not available.

:::

::: details Also I’m in Canada and it looks like I can’t purchase from your website. I will not use Amazon. Do I have an alternative?

- If the shopper purchases from our website [soundfreaq.com](https://soundfreaq.com/), we are currently unable to ship to Canada. You will have to consider other options such as forwarding service.
- If the shopper purchases from [Amazon.ca](https://amazon.ca/), there is an option for "Remote Fulfillment with FBA", which means that Amazon can ship from its fulfilment centers in the USA to Canada.

:::
