---
title: 03.Using the help system
date: 2024-08-17 16:45:21
order:
---

::: warning

If you aren’t willing to read PowerShell’s help files, you won’t be effective with PowerShell. You won’t learn how to use it; you won’t learn how to administer other services like Azure, AWS, Microsoft 365, and so on, with it; and you might as well stick with the GUI.

:::

::: warning Command vs. cmdlet

PowerShell contains many types of executable commands. Some are called cmdlets (we will cover cmdlets in the next chapter), some are called functions, and so on. Col lectively, they’re all commands, and the help system works with all of them. A cmdlet is something unique to PowerShell, and many of the commands you run will be cmdlets. But we’ll try to consistently use command whenever we’re talking about the more general class of executable utility.

:::

- `Get-Process`
- `Update-Help`
- `Help` has a page-at-a-time display
- `Get-Help`
- `Help Get-Content`
- `Get-Help Get-Content`
- `Get-Help Get-Content | less` what is less?
- `Get-Command -Nount *event*`
- `Get-Command -Verb Get`
- `Get-Command *event* -Type cmdlet`

Remember to use the spacebar to view the help file one page at a time and to press `Ctrl-C` if you want to stop viewing the file before reaching the end.

## Lab

We hope this chapter has conveyed the importance of mastering the help system in PowerShell. Now it’s time to hone your skills by completing the following tasks. Keep in mind that sample answers follow. Look for _italicized_ words in these tasks, and use them as clues to complete the tasks:

1. Run `Update-Help`, and ensure that it completes without errors so that you have a copy of the help on your local computer. You need an internet connection.
2. Can you find any cmdlets capable of converting other cmdlets’ output into _HTML_?
3. Are there any cmdlets that can redirect output into a _file_?
4. How many cmdlets are available for working with _processes_? (Hint: Remember that cmdlets all use a singular noun.)
5. What cmdlet might you use to _set_ to a PowerShell breakpoint? (Hint: PowerShell specific nouns are often prefixed with _PS_.)
6. You’ve learned that aliases are nicknames for cmdlets. What cmdlets are avail able to create, modify, export, or import _aliases_?
7. Is there a way to keep a _transcript_ of everything you type in the shell, and save that transcript to a text file?
8. Getting all processes can be overwhelming. How can you get processes by the name of the process?
9. Is there a way to tell `Get-Process` to tell you the user who started the process?
10. Is there a way to run a command on a remote host? (Hint: _Invoke_ is the verb for running something now.)
11. Examine the help file for the `Out-File` cmdlet. The files created by this cmdlet default to a width of how many characters? Is there a parameter that would enable you to change that width?
12. By default, `Out-File` overwrites any existing file that has the same filename as what you specify. Is there a parameter that would prevent the cmdlet from over writing an existing file?
13. How could you see a list of all _aliases_ defined in PowerShell?
14. Using both an alias and abbreviated parameter names, what is the shortest command line you could type to retrieve a list of _commands_ with the word _process_ in the name?
15. How many cmdlets are available that can deal with generic objects? (Hint: Remember to use a singular noun like _object_ rather than a plural one like _objects_.)
16. This chapter briefly mentioned _arrays_. What help topic could tell you more about them?
