---
title: 05.Working with providers
date: 2024-09-03 11:14:30
order: 
---
## What are providers?

A PowerShell provider, or _PSProvider_, is an adapter. It’s designed to take some kind of data storage, such as Windows Registry, Active Directory, or even the local filesystem, and make it look like a disk drive.

You can see a list of installed PowerShell providers right within the shell:

`Get-PSProvider`

You use a provider to create a _PSDrive_. A PSDrive uses a single provider to connect to data storage.

`Get-PSDrive`

The PSProvider adapts the data store, and the PSDrive makes it accessible.

`Get-Command -Noun *item*`

Because it’s probably the one you’re most familiar with, we’ll start with the filesystem—the `FileSystem` PSProvider.

## Understanding how the filesystem is organized

The filesystem is organized around two main types of objects—folders and files. _Folders_ are also a kind of container, capable of containing both files and other folders. _Files_ aren’t a type of container; they’re more of an endpoint object.

PowerShell doesn’t use the terms _file_ and _folder_. Instead, it refers to these objects by the more generic term _item_.

### `Set-Item`

------------------ Example 1: Create an alias ------------------

`Set-Item -Path alias:np -Value "c:\windows\notepad.exe"`

---- Example 2: Change the value of an environment variable ----

`Set-Item -Path env:UserRole -Value "Administrator"`

------------ Example 3: Modify your prompt function ------------

`Set-Item -Path function:prompt -Value {'PS '+ (Get-Date -Format t) + " " + (Get-Location) + '> '}`

------- Example 4: Set options for your prompt function -------

`Set-Item -Path function:prompt -Options "AllScope,ReadOnly"`

Some PSProviders don't support item properties. For example, the `Environment` PSProvider is what's used to make the `ENV:` drive available in PowerShell. This drive provides access to the environment variables, but as the following example shows, they don't have item properties:

`Get-ItemProperty -Path Env:\PSModulePath`

## Navigating the filesystem

## Using wildcards and literal paths

- `-Path`: Wildcards are permitted.
- `-LiteralPath`: No characters are interpreted as wildcards.

Note that `-LiteralPath` isn't positional; if you plan to use it, you have to type `-LiteralPath`.

## Working with other providers

PowerShell includes the following aliases for `Write-Output`:

    - All platforms:   - `echo`

    - Windows:   - `write`

### `Write-Output`

----- Example 1: Get objects and write them to the console -----

```ps
$P = Get-Process
Write-Output $P
```

----------- Example 2: Pass output to another cmdlet -----------

```ps
Write-Output "test output" | Get-Member
```

---------- Example 3: Suppress enumeration in output ----------

```ps
Write-Output 1,2,3 | Measure-Object

Count : 3
...
```

```ps
Write-Output 1,2,3 -NoEnumerate | Measure-Object

Count : 1
...
```

| Windows Commands      | Description                           | Linux + macOS |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `echo TEXT`           | Print `TEXT` to the terminal          |               |
| `echo TEXT > TARGET`  | Print `TEXT` to a file named `TARGET` |               |
| `echo TEXT >> TARGET` | Append `TEXT` to `TARGET`             |               |

## Lab

NOTE For this lab, you need any computer running PowerShell v7.1 or later.

Complete the following tasks from a PowerShell prompt:

1. Create a new directory called `Labs`.
2. Create a zero-length file named `/Labs/Test.txt` (use `New-Item`).
3. Is it possible to use `Set-Item` to change the contents of `/Labs/Test.txt` to `-TESTING`? Or do you get an error? If you get an error, why?
   The `FileSystem` provider doesn’t support this action. You use `Write-Output` to add text content from PowerShell into a file:
   - `Write-Output "First line text." > TARGET`
   - `Write-Output "Second line text content" >> TARGET`
4. Using the Environment provider, display the value of the system environment variable `PATH`.
5. Use help to determine what the differences are between the `-Filter`, `-Include`, and `-Exclude` parameters of `Get-ChildItem`.
   `-Include` and `-Exclude` must be used with `–Recurse` or if you’re querying a container. `-Filter` uses the PSProvider’s filter capability, which not all providers support. For example, you could use `DIR –filter` in the filesystem.
