---
title: 品牌分析
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order: 
---

`Menu >> Brands >> Brand Analytics`

## Customer Loyalty Analytics

This dashboard provides insight into the level of loyalty customers have with your brand. The Customer Segments below measure and define your customers. Take action to engage with different segments.

## Search Analytics

### Search Catalog Performance

This dashboard shows how customers interact with your Brand's products throughout the search shopping journey. It includes search engagement metrics such as impressions, clicks, cart adds, and purchases to better understand your sales funnel.

### Search Query Performance

This dashboard lists the top queries that led customers to your brand's products. It includes overall query performance, such as impressions, clicks, cart adds, and purchases for each query, and your brand's share of that performance. The Brand view shows query performance across your brand(s). The ASIN view shows the top search queries for a specific ASIN.

- Brand View
- ASIN View

报告生成路径：

`B09V9NVSSH | Quarterly | 2023 | 4`

报告名称格式：

`US_Search_Query_Performance_ASIN_View_Simple_Quarter_2023_12_31.csv`

创建、优化广告活动中的关键词时，这份报告可作重要参考。

### Top Search Terms

## Consumer Behavior Analytics

### Repeat Purchase Behavior

Analyze customer retention and repeat purchase patterns by Brand, or by ASIN(s).

### Demographics

The Demographics dashboard analyzes your customer base by age, household income, education, gender, and marital status. Brands, Categories, or ASINs need to have 100 or more unique customers in the selected time range to be included in the analysis. The report currently supports the U.S. marketplace only.

本小节主要试图回答“人群画像”，即“人群标签”问题，可以得到店铺的客户信息，即受众特征，包括年龄、家庭收入、教育、性别、婚姻状况等。

报告生成路径：

`Quarterly | 2022 | 4 | Soundfreaq | All`

投放 SB 广告时，可以参考、选择相关的人群标签。类似于京东的京选人群？

### Market Basket Analysis

Provides insights on the products that are most frequently purchased together, uncovering insights on effective bundling and cross-sell opportunities based on customers’ buying patterns.
