---
title: Feedback Manager
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order: 
---

## Want a 3-star customer review removed

Over the past few months, Amazon Fulfilment Centres have been relabelling our products (ASIN B09V9NVSSH and B09VB12M1B) and introducing false substitutions between the two products, resulting in a high number of customer complaints and returns.

We filed a case with Amazon Selling Partner Support on 30 April 2024. The case 15190840571 is currently being investigated by a dedicated team.

To mitigate the negative impact on our business caused by the Amazon Fulfilment Centre's misconduct, we have requested that a 3-star review be removed from the customer review section of our product page. When speaking to a Live Channel Specialist, we are advised to contact an Account Health Specialist instead. We are therefore contacting you now in the hope that you can help us.

The 3-star customer review we are trying to remove is as follows:

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B09V9NVSSH

Order ID: 113-2367062-1760256
Anthony Napoli
3.0 out of 5 stars Works
Reviewed in the United States on May 8, 2024
Verified Purchase

> The item I received works, however the wrong color was sent and it has something rattling inside. It works fine so I probably will keep it, makes me question quality control and order picking.

Please kindly help review our request and advise back if you need further information from this end. Thank you very much for your support.

## Feedback Manager

Reply from Amazon.com Seller Suppot

Requests to remove feedback must be submitted through Feedback Manager.

To submit a request, follow these steps:

1. From the three-line menu at the top left corner of Seller Central, go to "Performance" and select "Feedback Manager".
2. Locate the feedback that you want to have reviewed.
3. In the "Actions" column, select "Request removal" from the drop-down menu.

We'll review your request, make a decision based on our feedback removal criteria, and notify you of the results of the review.

Feedback removal requests that are made through other channels, such as "Contact us", will not be reviewed.

[About Feedback Manager](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G761?referral=A1TR2F43IVW9DF_A1QBA7UKHAEE1E)  
[Can Amazon remove buyer feedback?](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G20231)

## Unavailable in Feedback Manager

Thank you for sharing the guidance that "Requests to remove feedback must be submitted through Feedback Manager."

However, when I followed the steps and navigated to the Feedback Manager page, I found that the customer review we want to remove is not there and cannot be processed. I have included a screenshot of the Feedback Manager page in the attachment.

In these circumstances, what options do we have to get this 3-star review removed from the product page? Please kindly help check and advise. Thank you very much for your assistance.
