---
title: 搜索广告训练营 - 数据
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order:
---

[Level 2: Dive into the data](https://learningconsole.amazonadvertising.com/student/collection/5025/path/8654)

分析赞助商广告指标和报告

0.5 小时

在本学习路径中，您将了解指标和报告工具以及如何使用它们来评估您的广告活动。分析广告活动的性能有助于您做出调整，改进广告活动。

## Report on key metrics for sponsored ads

In this course you will learn about reporting metrics available, how to locate and utilize the advertising console to retrieve reports, and how to read the downloadable reports. After completing this course, you will be able to:

- Differentiate metrics available within the dashboard and reporting
- Interpret campaign performance using downloadable reports
- Make strategic campaign decisions based on metrics

### 指标

一、行业标准指标

- 曝光
- 点击
- 点击成本
- 点击率
- 广告消耗
- 广告消耗回报 ROAS = 广告产生的销售 / 广告消耗

> Calculated as the total product sales divided by total ad spend. Tells you the amount made for every dollar spent on advertising.
>
> The higher the return on ad spend (ROAS), the more efficient the campaign.
>
> If your ROAS is lower than expected, review your targeting, keyword, and placements to see if you can identify any trends in performance. For example, a campaign may have low ROAS if the spend and impressions are high, but click through rate is low, indicating you are possibly not reaching the most relevant audiences.

二、零售指标

- 详情页浏览量
- 转化率
- 销售数量
- 订单数量
- 广告产生的销售
- ACOS

> ACOS is the amount you’ve spent on a campaign divided by total sales during the campaign. This tells you the percentage of your sales you've spent on advertising. Typically, you want a low ACOS.
>
> If your ACOS is higher than desired, there are a few metrics you can review to inform campaign adjustments.
>
> If you pull an advertised product report, you can see which ASINs have high ACOS. If your ACOS is too high, you may want to consider removing ASINs from your campaign. Alternatively, you can adjust your bidding and budgeting to reduce investment in these campaigns, which should help reduce ACOS over time.

影响广告投放转化率的主要因素有两个：精准的流量和承接这批流量的落地页。针对亚马逊店铺销售，拆解成两个问题：

1. 如何使曝光的受众变得精准？抓手指标在“点击率”，思路方向在“定向方法”，即通过定向方法的优化来提升点击率
2. 点击进来的流量如何提升转化率？

三、后台报告类型 (Sponsored Products)

1. Search term
2. Targeting
3. Advertised product
4. Campaign - Which campaign was most efficient in terms of advertising cost of sales?
5. Budget
6. Placement
7. Purchased product
8. Performance Over Time
9. Search Term Impression Share
10. Gross and Invalid Traffic

四、报告生成路径

`Campaign manager >> Measurement & Reporting >> Sponsored ads reports >> Create report`

> Your customers are seeing your ad when they search “baby sheets,” but aren’t clicking. What strategy could you take in order to optimize your campaign in this situation?
>
> Use negative keywords targeting in your campaign.

High impressions but low clicks may mean that people are seeing your ad but not engaging with it. A possible consideration for this scenario could be that **your ad keywords are too broad**. Be sure to look at the data set as whole and to compare different trends to help you determine what optimization choices to make when looking at your own report insights. Trends will vary over time so analyze your reports often to best learn how to optimize according to your campaign needs.

## Use reports to draw campaign insights

In this course, you will learn how to interpret report insights, and use the insights to optimize your sponsored ads campaign. After completing this course, you will be able to:

- Identify key metrics for performance
- Select the best reports to analyze results
- Navigate reports to draw insights from performance

### 分析报告

一、报告示例

- Placement report: First page Top of Search on Amazon > Rest of search on Amazon > Product pages on Amazon. To optimize your bidding strategy, you can set bid multipliers by placement type to increase your bids by a certain percentage (up to 900%) for placement at the top of search results or product pages. This can help maximize the potential of placements that are performing well for you, or where you want to boost your visibility.

- Campaign placement report for Sponsored Brands:

- Advertised product report: Each of your advertised products and their related campaigns will be listed with the following insights: impressions, clicks, click-through rate (CTR), cost per click (CPC), spend, total sales, advertising cost of sales (ACOS), return on ad spend (ROAS), total orders, total units, and conversion rate.

二、优化广告

If your products are generating limited impressions and clicks, use these best practices to optimize your campaigns and help improve performance.

**Add more targets**

Try increasing the number of keywords or products for the campaign to target in order to boost potential impressions. The more relevant targets your campaign has, the more customers you’re likely to reach – and the more clicks you might get.

Consider using both keyword and product targeting to help maximize your potential visibility. Note that you will need to use either separate ad groups (sellers) or separate campaigns (vendors) in order to use both types of targeting.

**Refine targeting strategy**

The keywords you chose might not be relevant enough for your products, so consider moving these products to a new or existing campaign with a more specific set of keywords or product targeting for these ASINs.

**Bid competitively**

For the keywords in competitive categories, you should consider bidding more competitively. Try increasing your bids on these keywords to become more competitive in auctions.

三、

If you currently advertise multiple products in one campaign and are seeing mixed ROAS results, consider reorganizing your campaigns.

### 利用报告数据优化广告活动

Search term report

## Understand sponsored ads sales attribution

In this course you will learn how sales attribution is considered for each of the sponsored ad types, and practice reading the insights to make decisions on how to optimize campaign performance. After completing this course, you will be able to:

- Describe Amazon's sales attribution methodology
- Infer performance and attribution in your campaigns
