---
title: 搜索广告训练营 - 优化
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order: 
---

[Level 3: Optimize your campaigns](https://learningconsole.amazonadvertising.com/student/collection/5025/path/8657)

学习提高赞助商广告绩效的策略

1.2 小时

在本学习路径中，您将了解如何对广告活动进行策略调整以帮助提高性能，以及哪些见解最有影响力。

In this learning path, you'll learn how to make strategic adjustments to your campaign to help improve performance. You will understand what insights are most impactful and how to make changes to your targeting, bidding, and budgeting strategies. After completing these courses, you will be able to:

- Assess targeting strategies and make strategic adjustments to help improve campaign performance
- Adjust bidding and budgeting strategy to better achieve campaign objectives
- Analyze insights to create more effective campaigns with greater efficiency

## Optimize your keyword and product targeting

Adjusting your targeting strategy while campaigns are in flight may help improve campaign performance. In this course, you'll learn tactics to help improve your targeting based on campaign performance. After completing this course, you will be able to:

- Assess which targeting strategies are best for your campaign
- Adjust targeting strategy to better achieve your campaign objectives
- Articulate best practices for optimizing targeting strategies across different campaigns

### Intro to targeting optimization

Now that you’ve learned the fundamentals of sponsored ads and launched your first campaign, let’s talk about optimization. When we talk about optimization in the context of an advertising campaign, we are referring to the changes and adjustments you can make to your campaign to improve performance.

We recommend reviewing and optimizing your campaigns while they are still in flight, and to adjust based on what you are learning throughout the campaign. For example, if you are targeting a keyword that is underperforming, you may want to consider removing it or lowering the budget so that you can transfer budget to higher performing keywords to win more bids.

In this course, we will discuss how you can optimize your targeting strategy.

A. Available reports

1. Search term
2. Targeting
3. Advertised product
4. Campaign - Which campaign was most efficient in terms of advertising cost of sales?
5. Budget
6. Placement
7. Purchased product
8. Performance Over Time
9. Search Term Impression Share
10. Gross and Invalid Traffic

B. Targeting tips

**Product and category targeting**

To optimize product and category targeting, we recommend reviewing which targeted products and categories are generating the most clicks, as well as which irrelevant products or categories are showing your ads. From here, you can negatively target against irrelevant products or categories that may be less profitable.

By reducing spend on low performing products and categories and increasing your budget into high-performing products and categories, you can help improve your campaign while it is still running.

**Negative targeting**

Negative targeting is a great way to help ensure that your ads do not display on irrelevant pages and shopping queries. As your campaign is running, we recommend reviewing your search terms report to see where your ads are showing up. If they are showing up in irrelevant places, we recommend using negative targeting to reduce impressions in these places.

You can negatively target against products, keywords, and categories to help refine how and when your ads appear. Reviewing your reports regularly will ensure that you are keeping your targeting relevant.

### Keywords

> Reviewing your keyword performance helps you understand how customers are shopping for your products and which keyword and match types are performing well.

A. Keywords and sales efficiency

Make sure you are competing in the most relevant searches by selecting the correct keywords. If you're optimizing toward sales efficiency, you'll want to consider the tactics below.

**Remove underperforming keywords**

To determine which keywords to remove, review targeting reports to identify the ones with the highest ACOS and lowest ROAS. Removing these keywords will prevent you from spending on keywords that don’t drive sales and reduce ACOS and/or increase ROAS.

**Add negative keywords**

Consider adding customer search terms with low sales and high ACOS and/or low ROAS as negative match keywords. This will help ensure you are not paying for unwanted clicks or clicks that likely won't convert, thus reducing ACOS and increasing ROAS.

B. Keywords and brand awareness

If you're optimizing toward brand awareness, consider expanding your targeting.

**Add new keywords**

Use automatic Sponsored Products campaigns and search term reports to determine how customers are discovering your products and to add those keywords to your existing campaigns. Find high-performing customer searches by identifying those with high sales and the lowest ACOS and/or highest ROAS. Adding these keywords to your manual campaigns will help even more customers find your products and increase impressions.

**User all keyword and match types**

Consider bidding on all types of keywords across all match types to get maximum coverage through the sponsored ad journey. The more keywords you use, the greater your chance is of reaching more customers and therefore increasing impressions.

Keyword types include brand and category. Match types include broad, phrase, and exact.

> What metrics are most helpful if you want to optimize toward customer acquisition?
>
> New-to-brand

## Optimize your bids and budgets

As your campaign runs, we recommend adjusting your bidding and budgeting strategy. In this course, you'll learn tactics to adjust bidding and budgeting based on campaign performance. After completing this course, you will be able to:

- Measure campaign performance against your budget
- Adjust your sponsored ads campaigns to help improve bidding and budgeting
- Identify campaign metrics to make bidding optimizations

### Bidding optimization overview

To get the results you want in a campaign, adjusting bids on different keywords and campaigns can help you reach your goals.

A. Introduction to bid optimization

Let’s start by reviewing best practices in bidding.

As we discussed in _Get started with bidding and budgeting_, sponsored ads use an auction-based cost-per-click (CPC) inventory-buying model. Ads that compete in the auction are ranked and displayed to shoppers based on a combination of the advertiser's bid and the ad’s relevance to shoppers' shopping queries. The winner of the auction will pay an amount slightly higher than the second highest CPC bid if their ad is clicked.

In this section, let’s review how you can optimize your bids to help improve advertising performance.

B. Set the right bids for sales efficiency

**Adjust bids on low performing keywords**

Identify keywords with low conversion rates (high ACOS and low ROAS).

Consider lowering your bid to just below the average cost per click (aCPC).

Doing so will help reduce spend on keywords that have a low chance of conversion, which may help you reach a more satisfactory ACOS/ROAS.

**Use automated bidding (Sponsored Brands only)**

Identify Sponsored Brands campaigns with low conversion rates and consider using automated bidding. This setting allows Amazon to automatically optimize bids for placements below top of search.

Automated bidding can lower the bids for other placements if the ad is less likely to convert, which means you’re limiting the risk of paying for a click that won’t get a sale.

You can also use custom manual bid adjustment and decrease bids for other placements by a specific percentage. This strategy is similar to using automated bidding, but gives you more control on the amount you are willing to bid on other placements.

C. Set the right bids for brand awareness

**Adjust bids to increase awareness**

Identify keywords with high conversion rates and low aCPC and ACOS. Because these keywords are already performing well, increasing the bids on these will help maximize potential impressions and sales.

**Adjust bids on other placements (Sponsored Brands only)**

Identify Sponsored Brands campaigns with low ACOS and/or high ROAS, and then increase bids for other placements by a specific percentage. This can help you appear in more placements within search results and increase impressions.

### Bidding strategies in action

Let's talk more in detail about bidding optimization strategies, and how you can action these to help improve campaign performance.

A. Set the right bids

When you set up your campaign you either selected the cost-per-click bid(s) based on the maximum amount you’re willing to pay when a shopper clicks on your ad, or perhaps you started with the $1 default bid. Once you have had time to let the campaign run, you can adjust the bids based on performance. Before we begin adjusting bids, let’s review the business goals for each campaign and how they relate to bids. We generally recommend letting your campaign run for 14 days between adjustments.

Bids should strike a balance between how much you’re willing to pay for a click and how much traffic you’d like to drive with your ads. Let’s look at the following scenarios to see how other advertisers are adjusting their bids.

B. Dynamic bidding

Let's review two types of bidding and how you can use each for your sponsored products and sponsored display campaigns.

**Up and down bidding**

Up and down bidding will increase your bids in real time for clicks that may be more likely to convert to a sale, and reduce them for clicks that are less likely to convert to a sale.

For example:

DeskZ uses dynamic bidding up and down in their views audience campaign. They set the bid for the cycle desks at \$1.78. When the ad is more likely to convert to a sale, they may pay more than $1.78 and if the ad is less likely to convert they may pay less than \$1.78.

**Down only bidding**

Down only bidding will reduce your bids in real time for clicks that may be less likely to convert to a sale, such as when an ad may display with a less relevant shopping query.

For example:

Gordon’s Chocolatier uses dynamic bidding down-only in their product targeting campaigns. They set the bid for the Red Heart Chocolate Popcorn to \$1.45. When the ad is less likely to convert they will pay less than \$1.45 if the ad is clicked on.

C. Scenarios for adjusting bids

Let's review some key metrics to observe to assess bid performance.

The metrics:

- Advertising cost of sales (ACOS) - percentage of direct sales made attributed to your ads (ACOS = spend / sales)
- Impressions - number of times your ad was displayed within the selected time frame

**Product awareness**

If your goal is product awareness but you are not getting enough impressions, click the headers below to learn more.

Optimixation
**Increase bids** if you are not generating enough impressions.

Tip
Identify target sets with high conversion rates and low average cost per click (aCPC) and ACOS. These are already performing well, increasing the bids on these will help maximize potential impressions and sales. Note, this can increase ACOS due to the higher average CPCs for each click.

**Sales efficiency**

If your goal is sales efficiency, but your ACOS is too high, click the headers below to learn more.

Optimixation
**Reduce bids** if you are trying to improve your ACOS, and it is not impacting your awareness goals.

Tip
Identify the target sets with low conversion rates (high ACOS and low ROAS). Consider lowering your bid to just below the average cost per click (aCPC). Doing so will help reduce spend on targets that have a low chance of conversion, which may help you reach a more satisfactory ACOS/ROAS

D. How to adjust bids in your campaign

### Budgeting optimization overview

### Budgeting strategies in action

## Optimize your campaigns and creatives
