---
title: 提升链接质量
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order: 
---

店铺已经成功获取 Premium A+ 的使用权限，接下来产品页面的设计优化，尤其涉及到图片尺寸的调整。

## Title

Soundfreaq Sound Rise II, SFQ-16: Bedside Alarm Clock & Wireless Bluetooth Speaker, with FM Radio, 3 Fast USB Charging Ports, Large LCD Screen, and Nature Sound

注意：

1. Wood Taupe 标题经常回跳至旧有标题
2. FBA Inventory 页面标题仍然是旧有标题

## Main images

DESIGN A

01 三面立体图，2000 x 2000
02 正视图，2000 x 2500
03 顶视图，2000 x 2500
04 背视图，2000 x 2500

## Bullet points

- ALL IN ONE, COMPACT & MINIMALIST DESIGN: Large dimmable LCD screen, FM radio and Bluetooth wireless speaker for streaming music from your mobile devices, with sleep timer. With its compact size and wooden finish, Sound Rise II is a true space saver, ideal for bedroom, office and hotel
- ENHANCED AUDIO EXPERIENCE: Sound Rise II features a precisely tuned, heavy-duty bass diaphragm that delivers powerful and smooth low frequencies. A custom-designed monophonic driver delivers balanced audio with vocal clarity, while a passive radiator enhances bass response and is optimised for distortion-free volume
- VERSATILE FUNCTIONALITY & FAST CHARGING: More than just a Bluetooth speaker, Sound Rise II also features 3 USB charging ports supporting up to 3 connected devices simultanously—2 top-mounted intelligent USB ports (20W Type-C & 12W Type-A) and 1 rear-mounted USB port (18W Type-A QC3.0)
- EASY TO SET UP & INTUITIVE CONTROLS: The Sound Rise II interface is designed for simplicity and ease of use. Users can effortlessly set alarms, adjust the volume and tune the radio using a pair of sleek dials. This intuitive design ensures that even first-time users can setup and operate the unit with ease, making it an ideal choice for hotel guests
- STAY RELAXED & PEACE OF MIND: Sound Rise II is also a white noise machine. This allows users to enjoy nature sounds such as bird chirping, forest sounds, ocean waves, rain dripping, city sounds and temple bells. Helps you fall asleep faster & get a better quality of sleep, improve concentration & focus, and enjoy a moment of relaxation & peace
- PROGRESSIVE WAKE-UP VOLUME: The Soundfreaq Sound Rise II alarm clock is perfect for anyone who hates being woken up abruptly. Featuring snooze and gradual wake-up volume, you can choose to slowly come out of slumber to Bluetooth, FM radio or the built-in alarm chime

## From the brand - Brand Story

参考设计

[Soundcore](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CHFDWKWH)
[Edifier](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09Q2T6M72)

## Product Description - A+ content

## Product guides and documents

## Product information

Table

## Looking for specific info?

Search in reviews, Q&A...

## Videos

## Sustainability features

## Brands in this category on Amazon

## Products related to this item

## Customer reviews

## Important information

## Based on your recent views
