---
title: Product page - Sound Rise DAB
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order:
---

## Product title

Existing title

Soundfreaq Sound Rise DAB, Bedside Radio Alarm Clock, Wireless Digital Clock Radio, with Bluetooth, Large Display Screen, Audio Speakers, Fast Charging & Ambient Nature Noise (Wood/Taupe)

Proposed title

Soundfreaq Sound Rise DAB, SFQ-17: Bedside Alarm Clock Radio & Bluetooth Speaker, with DAB+/FM Radio, Dual Alarm, Large Display Screen, Fast USB Charging & Nature Sound

## Product images

Provided for review and comments

## Bullet points

- ALL IN ONE, COMPACT & MINIMALIST DESIGN: A bedside clock radio with 3.5" LCD screen & 6 levels of dimmer, a wireless Bluetooth speaker for streaming music from your mobile devices, with sleep timer. With its compact size and textured finish, Sound Rise DAB is a true space-saver, ideal for bedrooms, offices and hotels
- FOR AN ENHANCED LISTENING EXPERIENCE: Sound Rise DAB features a precisely tuned high performance bass diaphragm that delivers powerful and smooth low frequencies. A custom-designed monophonic driver delivers balanced audio with vocal clarity, while a passive radiator enhances bass response and is optimised for distortion-free volume. 6 preset EQ available for different timbers
- VERSATILE FUNCTIONALITY & FAST CHARGING: More than just a desktop Bluetooth speaker, Sound Rise DAB also features 2 fast USB charging ports that support up to 2 connected devices simultaneously—1 USB Type-C port (PD fast charging) and 1 USB Type-A port (18W QC3.0). An optional Soundfreaq wireless charger can be seamlessly integrated into the main unit
- EASY SETUP & INTUITIVE INTERFACE: The Sound Rise DAB interface is designed for simplicity and ease of use. Users can effortlessly set 2 separate alarms, adjust volume, and tune the DAB+ radio or FM radio using a pair of sleek dials. This intuitive design ensures that even first-time users can set up and operate the DAB+ radio with ease, making it an ideal choice for hotel guests
- STAY RELAXED & PEACE OF MIND: Sound Rise DAB is also a nature sound machine. This allows users to enjoy soothing nature sounds such as bird chirping, forest sounds, ocean waves, rain dripping, city sounds and temple bells. Helps you fall asleep faster & get a better quality of sleep, improve concentration & focus, and enjoy a moment of relaxation & peace
- PROGRESSIVE WAKE-UP VOLUME: This alarm clock is perfect for anyone who hates being woken up abruptly. Featuring snooze and gradual wake-up volume, you can choose to slowly come out of slumber to the built-in buzzer, Bluetooth, DAB+ radio, or FM radio. Users can also set the highest alarm volume to their preference, making the alarm volume is both audible and comfortable

## Product descriptions

A+ content images have been provided in January
