---
title: 管理退货
date: 2024-05-20 15:35:30
order:
---

从卖家后台进入 **管理退货** 的路径：`Menu >> Orders >> Manage Returns`

## Learn more

点击 Learn more 这个链接，去到的是 **管理卖家自配送退货** 页面：

`Seller Central Help >> Returns, refunds, cancellations, and claims >> Manage seller-fulfilled returns`

[Manage seller-fulfilled returns](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/200708210)

## Return FAQs

`Seller Central Help >> Returns, refunds, cancellations, and claims >> Manage seller-fulfilled returns >> Returns FAQ`

[Returns FAQ](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5A85XXCZDQ48A8T)

## View reports

Generate one-time report

`All Returns` for `Exact dates` From `03/01/2024` to `03/31/2024`

没有记录？！

## Edit returns settings

将进入 [退货设置](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/returns/settings/) 页面：

`Settings >> Return Settings`

Welcome to the new Return Settings for seller-fulfilled returns! Return Settings are now marketplace-specific. If your selling account is enabled for multiple regions, you can use the marketplace switcher at the top of this page to configure settings for each marketplace.

### General Settings

美国市场只能选择 `In Policy (Amazon)`

### Resolutions

Create a Returnless Resolution Rule

### Manage Return Address

当前退货地址是 波特兰 集运仓

Name: Chung Yeung BSYRPZGH
Address: 13822 NE Airport Way
City: Portland
State: Oregon
ZIP code: 97251-9614
Country: United States
Tel: 971-998-9313

### Return Programs Settings

Free Returns Program

- I want to offer Free Returns for all items
- I want to offer Free Returns for some items
- I want to offer Free Returns for none of my items

注意：上面这个页面提供的是 **管理卖家自配送退货** 管理面板，对于已经选择了亚马逊物流的卖家可能没有什么用处。亚马逊此处的“页面导航设计”是有问题的，这样的设计很容易误导卖家。

---

对于已经选择了亚马逊物流的卖家，我们需要关注的是 **亚马逊物流买家退货政策** 页面内容。原文的路径和链接如下：

`Seller Central Help >> Get started with Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) >> FBA policies and requirements >> FBA customer returns policy`

1. [FBA policies and requirements](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201030350)
2. [亚马逊物流买家退货政策 FBA customer returns policy](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/200379860)

下面就来详细解读一下退货政策。

With FBA, Amazon provides fulfillment and customer service for your orders, including processing customer returns. We use Amazon's customer returns policies to determine if a purchased FBA item is eligible for return. To ensure a great customer experience, we may accept returns beyond the timeframe stated in these policies.

## Refunds

A refund is a customer credit for all or part of the cost of a purchased item. In some cases, we issue customers a “returnless refund.” This means that the customer is not required to send the item back to the fulfillment center. Some items that are not eligible for return may be eligible for a refund.

## Returns

A return is an item a customer sends back to a fulfillment center. We evaluate the condition of each returned item. If we determine that the item is sellable, we return it to your inventory. If we determine that it is unsellable (defective or damaged, for example), we assess who caused the damage. Then we decide if you are eligible for a reimbursement.

A returned item is classified as unsellable for the following reasons:

- The item is not in the same condition as previously listed.
- It is defective, damaged, opened, lacking required labeling, prohibited, or otherwise unsuitable.
- The item may pose a health or safety risk to our associates, or to the next customer who buys it. Examples of these items may include, but are not restricted to, consumables, personal care products, and products with expiration dates.

If a returned product has non-volatile internal memory (for example, a digital camera) and there is evidence of use, we mark it as unfulfillable. If such items are returned, you must clear the memory of the device.

For returned items that you ask us to send to you, you can use the LPN label on a returned item to find information using the FBA Customer Returns report. If you use the manufacturer barcode to track your inventory, this information may not be available.

For items in your inventory categorized as **Defective** or **Customer Damaged**, you must submit a removal order within 30 days after the returned item arrives at the fulfillment center. You can also request that we return or dispose of your unsellable inventory automatically . For more information, go to [Remove inventory (overview)](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200280650).

## Reimbursements

When Amazon refunds a customer for your FBA order, we debit your seller account for all or part of the refund value. For more information about reimbursements related to customer returns, go to [FBA inventory reimbursement policy: Customer return claims](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G9N934L7Y4SFWPJ4).

## 其他后台工具

进入路径：`Menu >> Reports >> Fulfillment`

1. [FBA customer returns](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/reportcentral/CUSTOMER_RETURNS/0)
   > FBA customer returns that have been received at a fulfillment center
2. [Removal Order Detail](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/reportcentral/REMOVAL_ORDER_DETAIL/0)
   > Removal order status and product details

进入路径：`Settings >> Fulfillment by Amazon >> Automated unfulfillable settings`

1. [不可售库存自动设置 Automated unfulfillable settings](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/recoveryui/removal-setting/automated-unfulfillable?ref_=myij_unf_ars_but)

Here are the Amazon "Return Settings" that I know of - not 100% textbook accurate, just a sharing of experiences.

[FBA customer returns policy](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/200379860)

- Customer returned units (after Fulfilment Centre screening process according to their secret judgement criteria, which proved problematic in some cases though)
  - Sellable units (1%?), then added back to FBA inventory (hence some customer complaints about missing spare parts)
  - Unsaleable units (99%?)
    - Dispose (then sorted and collected by Amazon and moved to Amazon Warehouse for open box offer)
    - Return (within the 30-day window, the seller must create a manual removal order for these units to be shipped to the seller's designated US shipping address)

We used to keep our “Automated unfulfillable settings” as “Dispose”, but have recently changed this setting to “Return”. With this setting, we are able to ship a number of returned units from Amazon fulfilment centres to a collection warehouse in Portland and then back to our Shenzhen office for further review and evaluation.

Again, almost 100% of returned units are unsaleable, so our tactic should always be to persuade and convince the customer to KEEP THE PRODUCT RECEIVED & NOT TO RETURN it, even if we offer certain incentives in some circumstances.
